He has experience working with those of us who don’t already have bowling-ball biceps and vast reservoirs of endurance and gritty resolve.

他有經驗，我們這些誰不已經有保齡球球二頭肌和耐力和堅韌不拔的決心廣大藏工作。

He has experience, those of us who do not already have a bowling ball biceps and gritty determination and endurance work the majority of possession.

他有經驗，我們這些誰不已經有一個保齡球二頭肌和堅韌不拔的決心和耐力的工作多數擁有。

He has experience, those of us who do not already have a working majority bowling biceps and gritty determination and endurance of ownership.

他有經驗，我們這些誰不已經有一個工作的廣大保齡球二頭肌和堅韌不拔的決心和所有權的耐力。

He has experience in endurance those of us who do not already have a working majority bowling biceps and gritty determination and ownership.

他有耐力的經驗對我們這些誰不已經有一個工作大部分保齡球二頭肌和堅韌不拔的決心和所有權。

He has endurance experience for those of us who do not already have a working majority bowling biceps and gritty determination and ownership.

他有耐力的經驗對於我們這些誰不已經有一個工作大部分保齡球二頭肌和堅韌不拔的決心和所有權。

He has experience in endurance for those of us who do not already have a working majority bowling biceps and gritty determination and ownership.

他對我們這些誰不已經有一個工作大部分保齡球二頭肌和堅韌不拔的決心和所有權耐力的經驗。

He told us those who do not already have a working majority biceps bowling experience and gritty determination and endurance of ownership.

他告訴我們，那些誰不已經有主人翁的工作大部分二頭肌保齡球的經驗和堅韌不拔的決心和耐力。

He told us that those who do not already have most of the work of masters biceps bowling experience and gritty determination and endurance.

他告訴我們，那些誰不已經有大部分的主人二頭肌保齡球的經驗和堅韌不拔的決心和耐力的工作。

He told us that those who do not already have most of the masters of the biceps bowling experience and gritty determination and endurance work.

他告訴我們，那些誰不已經有大部分的肱二頭肌保齡球經驗和堅韌不拔的決心和耐力工作的主人。

He told us that those who do not already have most of the biceps masters bowling experience and gritty determination and endurance work.

他告訴我們，那些誰不已經有大部分的肱二頭肌保齡球大師的經驗和堅韌不拔的決心和耐力的工作。

He told us that those who do not already have most of the biceps bowling guru experience and gritty determination and endurance work.

他告訴我們，那些誰不已經有大部分的肱二頭肌保齡球大師的經驗和堅韌不拔的決心和耐力的工作。

He told us that those who do not already have most of the biceps bowling guru experience and gritty determination and endurance work.

他告訴我們，那些誰不已經有大部分的肱二頭肌保齡球大師的經驗和堅韌不拔的決心和耐力的工作。

He told us that those who do not already have most of the biceps bowling guru experience and gritty determination and endurance work.